{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red246\green246\blue246;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 79.20/100\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Student Name: Ewan Saw, Marker Name: Roden Derveni Organisation: The text was very well written although at times overexplained. For conciseness there's no need to explain vectorisation '\'93 it's nothing special, it's just utilising the language's abilities. But at least reference numpy (and any other external programs or packages) if mentioning it. The computational routines are thoroughly explained, which is very good but some of this information could be more easily presented with flowcharts to avoid repeating phrases (and reduces word count). In the same sense it is unnecessary to describe the code in detail as high as '\'9cwhile loop'\uc0\u157  '\'93 describing a repetitive, iterative method that converges paints the picture for the reader. The report was nonetheless easy to follow and contained all of the necessary information, making sound conclusions based on the evidence. Presentation: The report is mainly presented in a professional and clear manner. Results are well presented but fall victim to s.f. issues (i.e. Table 1 has an error 1sf smaller than the estimate presented for Trapezoidal Rule and 2sf smaller than Simpson. The estimates should be 0.497661(x) and 0.497661(xx) to fit those errors, even if you were only aiming for 10^-6. The opposite problem in Table 4 (results more accurate than error). Perhaps titles and figure captions could be made larger (decreasing the width of the caption helps distinguish it). Fig 1 should have a log-x axis to see that the lines are indeed straight in log-log, to verify the sqrt claim. Fig 3 would benefit from a thin vertical line to avoid any confusion that the '\'9cx'\u157  has a frequency Results: You made some good attempts to show validation of concepts but this would have gone well with validating against known/analytically solvable functions '\'93 particularly ones that are notoriously fiddly. There has clearly been thought of the output of the integration method though, producing thoughtful figures to aid results. There are also a few cases where some physical tricks weren't utilised, such as being able to nest your 1D code for higher dimensions of NC rather than make a 3D function '\'93 you were correct to generate the MC as a 3D set rather than nested 1D sets however. Your results throughout are mainly correct although you seem to have undercounted the number of trapezoidal and Simpson evaluations. Code validation was performed, but many of these results also had known solutions (analytic with well-understood error functions) that would have verified your results if they were included. Coding: The code is generally excellently written, with appropriate commentary and a easy lay out for how it has been coded. Python's abilities have been well utilised, although there are a few lapses that could be changed to improve the code efficiency marginally. Try and avoid lines like '\'9cN = s = s_squares = 0'\u157 , this can sometimes have the irritating effect of retroactively changing one value when another changes (not that I noticed it in this case). It was otherwise fairly efficient and achieved the necessary results in a reasonable timeframe. I would recommend that based on how this was written, for a marker this code should be segmented into at least 3 files: NC, MC and then running of the code '\'93 this is only so that we do not have to jump between both files to compare the results for every question, no marks were docked. The ReadMe was sufficient in describing and explaining the purpose of files and how to run them. While a specific IDE is supposedly required, it is possible to run and produce the same results in non cell-like IDEs without any change to the code.}